So, as a wealth manager at Barclays, I operate
in a special focused professionals team,
really looking to work alongside people in law, accountancy,
insurance, to help them take away the everyday stress a financial burden can bring.
So, we work with clients on their short-term plan, such as helping them buy a house,
a medium-term plan, helping out with kids' school fees,
building up an investment pot, and their longer-term plan,
which is focusing around retirement and legacy planning.
So, one of my favourite parts of my job is puzzle solving.
I tried to formulate a plan where we can execute as to exactly what they want
and help them achieve their goals.
I think one of the big things that really drew me into wealth management
was the ability to work with individuals on a one-on-one basis.
When we pass across a plan to clients and watch them
go through the process of them understanding and it clicking in their mind,
you very quickly see people
leave their seats
because they're already daydreaming about
what those goals are going to help them achieve in the future,
whether it's for them as individuals or for their broader family.
What we're really trying to do at Barclays Wealth in the Professional Services team
is make your life easier, give you time back in your diary.
So when you do have a spare moment after a long day of working,
you can go and spend it
with your family.
You don't have to sit down and start worrying about your finances
because you know that investment professionals such as myself
are looking at it, day in, day out.
Working for a big bank like Barclays gives us the benefit of going away
and drawing on a lot of
different specialists
to make sure that our clients can lay the right tracks to have a smooth
and comfortable journey in helping them achieve their life goals.